Question 21
Level 3

Question£º
A robot moves in a plane starting from the original point (0,0). The robot can move toward UP, DOWN, LEFT and RIGHT with a given steps.
The trace of robot movement is shown as the following:
UP 5
DOWN 3
LEFT 3
RIGHT 2
¡­
The numbers after the direction are steps. Please write a program to compute the distance from current position after a sequence of movement 
and original point. If the distance is a float, then just print the nearest integer.
Example:
If the following tuples are given as input to the program:
UP 5
DOWN 3
LEFT 3
RIGHT 2
Then, the output of the program should be:
2



Question 22
Level 3

Question:
Write a program to compute the frequency of the words from the input. The output should output after sorting the key alphanumerically. 
Suppose the following input is supplied to the program:
New to Python or choosing between Python 2 and Python 3? Read Python 2 or Python 3.
Then, the output should be:
2:2
3.:1
3?:1
New:1
Python:5
Read:1
and:1
between:1
choosing:1
or:2
to:1

Question 23
level 1

Question:
    Write a method which can calculate square value of number

Question 24
Level 1

Question:
    Python has many built-in functions, and if you do not know how to use it, you can read document online or find some books. 
	But Python has a built-in document function for every built-in functions.
    Please write a program to print some Python built-in functions documents, such as abs(), int(), raw_input()
    And add document for your own function
	
Question 25
Level 1

Question:
    Define a class, which have a class parameter and have a same instance parameter.
	
Question 26
Define a function which can compute the sum of two numbers.

Hints:
Define a function with two numbers as arguments. You can compute the sum in the function and return the value.

Question 27:
Define a function that can convert a integer into a string and print it in console.

Question 28:
Define a function that can receive two integral numbers in string form and compute their sum and then print it in console.

Question 29:
Define a function that can accept two strings as input and concatenate them and then print it in console.

Question 30:
Define a function that can accept two strings as input and print the string with maximum length in console. 
If two strings have the same length, then the function should print all strings line by line.